feat: add `entries` method to `array/fixed-endian-factory` (#3280)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/array/fixed-endian-factory/README.md

* * *

<a name="method-entries"></a>

#### TypedArrayFE.prototype.entries()

> Return and iterator for iterating over array key-value pairs.

Author: ```suggestion
Return an iterator for iterating over array as key-value pairs.
```

```javascript
var factory = require( '@stdlib/array/fixed-endian-factory' );
var int32arr = factory( 'int32' );
var arr = int32arr( 'little-endian', [ 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 ] );

// Creat an iterator:
var itr = arr.entries();

// Iterate over the key-value pairs...
var v = itr.next().value;
// returns [ 0, 1 ];

> var i = v[1];
> // returns 1;
> 
> v = itr.next().value;
> // returns [ 1, 2 ];
> 
> i = v[1];
> // returns 2;
> 
> v = itr.next().value;
> // returns [ 2, 3 ];
> 
> i = v[1];
> // returns 3;
> 
> v = itr.next().value;
> // returns [ 3, 4 ]
> 
> i = v[1];
> // returns 4
> 
> v = itr.next().value;
> // returns [ 4, 5 ];
> 
> i = v[1];
> // returns 5

Author: ```suggestion
var i = v[ 1 ];
// returns 1;

v = itr.next().value;
// returns [ 1, 2 ];

i = v[ 1 ];
// returns 2;

v = itr.next().value;
// returns [ 2, 3 ];

i = v[ 1 ];
// returns 3;

v = itr.next().value;
// returns [ 3, 4 ]

i = v[ 1 ];
// returns 4

v = itr.next().value;
// returns [ 4, 5 ];

i = v[ 1 ];
// returns 5
```
